Convert  v1.9 to v2.0 (#15938)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: src/docs/releases/2.0.0.md

> # Orchard Core 2.0.0

Reviewer: `EmailMigrations` still references 1.9.

Release date: Not yet released

## Upgrade Instructions

> Before upgrading to OrchardCore, you should first upgrade to 1.8, address any warning, then upgrade to 2.0. Be sure to review the list of breaking changes documented below to ensure seamless transition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before upgrading to Orchard Core 2.0, you should first upgrade to 1.8, address any warninga, and only then upgrade to 2.0. Be sure to review the list of breaking changes documented below to ensure a seamless transition.
```
